Mr. Gao, I will do everything I can
The responsibility and duty of a bodyguard to protect you
If those remnants come to threaten you
I will protect you if you don't give me money.
But
You can't use this money to make me take the initiative.
Very good Liao Fan
I appreciate your professional ethics
If my father hadn't died
I might have a crush on you
But now I'm sorry.
I can only fire you.
Oops Gao Xiaoyun
You are too arrogant.
And the repercussions of this are way bigger than you think.
You can't participate.
Yao Fan, take a break first
I'll hire you back when this is over
You are a good bodyguard.
But it's not for me now
Gao Xiaoyun, why do you love to drill into the horns so much?
My father died.
I can't believe you're here researching whether I'm drilling or not
Sorry to bother you, you two have a quarrel.
The old man is a Yuntao cockroach who has come to perform official duties
You're here to investigate my father's death
An hour ago.
The mayor has issued an arrest warrant
Gao Xiaoyun went with the old man
Prove your father with new evidence
It's not Long Shuai's claim
Cao Lin's accomplice
Mr. Gao ignores him
Let's go
Running away is a real crime
To receive the sympathy of the world
Elder Yuntao
I could come with you.
But I don't believe my father would rebel
Hum hum hum Gao Xiaoyun
Since you have a friendship with Zhanwang Chen
The old man will naturally say something nice for you
But
If you and your father are really the scourge of Great Xia
Then don't blame the old man for being ruthless, please
Senior sister, the remnants seem to have emerged
Go to Chengdu to meet me
random strain